I'm doing great thank you for employing
the elbow by the double elbow it's
important that people see other people
doing it you can spread modeling good
behavior and you were just on a like a
big tour right yes do me place yes we
were out with the actors gang all over
the country that is your Playhouse yes
group up yes and we were doing a show
called the new Colossus okay which is
about immigration oh and it's twelve
actors from twelve different parts of
the world speaking twelve languages
telling the stories of their ancestors
and how they got from oppression to
freedom and so we were in North Carolina
and Iowa in Michigan in Seattle in
California and in Colorado you got
around in New York yeah you yeah it was
that fun for you it was incredible it
was the place really moving and it's but
at the end I would come out and I'd have
a discussion with the audience Oh eat
son yeah nice and I'd ask where they
were from
uh and where their ancestors were from
oh I see then they would share stories
with us incredible stories about their
ancestors about how they got here
including that this story of a
eight-year-old boy who in New York
Harbor 19 early 1900s he's denied entry
jumps off the boat swims to shore hides
out in horse stables he's homeless is it
eventually adopted by this family and
this guy says this is my great-great
uncle he was one of them start the
people that started the Teamsters wow
really yeah just incredible stories that
is great yeah yeah and like half of them
aren't true but you don't know that
because your grandpa made up some story
and then yeah like we thought we were
Native our family we thought were a
Native American who didn't like a long
time I took the DNA time there's like no
you're none of that nothing cool in your
back so okay so you're out there and
you're doing these QAS with these people
yeah and when you do a Q&A do like I
would imagine that Shawshank Redemption
always comes up probably Bull Durham
always comes up they do come up in
Jacob's Ladder - uh-huh
and nothing for Louie what's the ranking
which is first that you get as right
yeah for some reason that movie and it
is a great movie but there are quite a
few great movies is like I mean I feel
like I watched it yesterday you know
it's like it's TV was on yesterday it
may have been on yesterday did they give
it away last time you sat on watch I was
in Film Festival in the Czech Republic
and I saw it in an outdoor amphitheater
with about 4,000 people really yeah it
was pretty cool if you're in a bar and
you ordered like a cold beer do people
go oh here we go
no your dad was a musician if you folk
musicians yeah right yes so did he he
did heat or was he a touring New Jersey
was with a group called the highwayman
and they put out five out oh yeah the
highwayman yeah right yeah and they
toured all over the place and yeah we
that was the first person I saw on stage
that was what gave me the addiction and
did that it excite you and did you were
you ever a part of that being on stage
with him yes we did a promotional tour
in 1965 we were the Eveready Robbins's
cordless corners with the Eveready
robinson really yeah yeah whole family
yeah the whole family and we would go on
morning shows and we'd sing a song
together and you know we'd play with our
battery-operated products for the
Eveready battery coke yeah then both
Paul happened and it was a complete
embarrassed people with them buy
batteries after you sang did you sing
about batter I mean this was 1965
batteries were
pretty new thing yeah right wow that's
pretty crazy yeah Angie your touch of
show business you have a fondness for
those ever-ready batteries to this day
absolutely I even have my Eveready shirt
and did you ever feel a rivalry with the
bunny the Energizer Bunny and his family
yeah you're a trump guy right yeah this
is my new thing I like to say this to
people just have parties you're a trump
guy right and people know you like you
might as well say you're a child
molester right it's fun try it
we're talking about you today and we're
like looking into your past and one of
the things that you did you repeats a
delivery I did how old were you indeed I
was in my early 20s oh you are okay I
ran out of college Jacopo's pizzeria in
Beverly Hills oh that's right yeah no
not anymore oh but if you're going to
deliver pizzas deliver in a good
neighborhood because the tips are tend
to be a little bit better and you never
know who you're going to be delivering
for I delivered in Las Vegas in some
very very very bad apartment buildings
not even they didn't even qualify as
apartment bill is there like motels that
people never left right they're leaving
in meth for tips so you were in Beverly
Hills oh yeah that's good yeah would you
knock on the would stars answer the door
I had one star encounter III delivered
pizza to it Charlie's Angel oh my god
yeah Kate Jackson oh boy she was my
favorite mine too really yeah and I
think she liked pepperoni
[Laughter]
did you have that you know it's funny
because especially like in the 70s are
you too happy to see these movies and
the pizza delivery guy seemed to be very
popular with the ladies
but I never experienced that was you
talking about I never had that and I
always would hope that the door would
open and you'd you ever have anything
like that no no I did be delivered at
one place where it was clear that
everyone was like high on cocaine and
they were no no longer interested in the
pizza did you have any tricks or ways to
steal from the place like that up to the
heater in the car so that when they got
it cuz I always got lost they think it
was still hot I do this you know as a
starving young actor I would be like 11
o'clock and I'd call in a pizza I'm
gonna come pick it up and you know and
11:30 would come around 12:00 and I'd
get off around 12:00 them anyone eating
this pizza you know it happens to be my
favorite kind but you know looking back
they had to know that that's what you
were doing right well yes yes yeah okay
Tim Robbins is here when we come back or
you see a clip from this is a very funny
movie and it's on VHS it's called VH yes
when we return we'll be right back how's
football season Rica football seasons
well I scored seven touchdowns yesterday
Wow
the doctor said they might have to
amputate my elbow thanks rose
feels much better now
[Music]
we'll be right back
that is engaged yes movie that the
Robbins is in and produced and your son
Jack directed this yeah yes so proud of
him he did a great job with this movie
Thanks I was telling you during the
commercial break they're like yeah he
made it for like twenty five thousand
dollars and it's the son I was like oh
no this is gonna be terrible and it's
very very good
yeah very funny and very well done he
has got an incredibly strange and I
think genius sense of humor yeah well
sure of course you think that he's your
kid but the fact that I think that it
means I know a lot reviews they're
they're saying it's Lynch Ian and like
David Cronenberg and David Lynch and I'm
like yes your son's here tonight right
and he's oh look at this he's got his
VHS camera with him hey Jeff how you
doing very well done I like the whole
can you explain what the premise of the
that by the way is Old Faithful that is
the camera we shot the film on for real
yes and you would our dailies would be
of video cassettes and we transfer them
over to digital and we had a rule on the
on the set no magnets because I don't
know if you're aware of this but magnets
can destroy whatever is on a videotape
yeah right yeah yeah oh you had a was
there a sign that said no did you have
to confident take any magnets how many
all the time oh my God thank God you
didn't get hit by magnets by the way be
careful with that microphone there's a
kid too but there's a kid here Oh works
at ESPN and he's got a whole sex for
t-shirts thing go
go inside joke with the audience well
you did a great job with the movie well
thank you so did you force your son to
get into the entertainment industry I
did not force no actually he went to USC
film school rowing scholarship but
anyway he started making films out of
out of school and I produced his first
film and it was about an electronic a DJ
named DJ Sparkle an eight year old girl
that was a prodigy and it was so funny
we did a longer film of it and it got
sold to Comedy Central and he started
making more films after that so anytime
he wants to do a film I'm definitely in
isn't that the greatest news when your
kid decides to do something and then
you're like oh good okay good this is
good they can do this yes but then when
they far surpass what you would have
done with it right and get into their
own then you've got to destroy them you
got to take them down a couple of packs
yes the big Robyn's family after what
happened with Baskin we can't repeat
that again
no it's nothing but pride well it's very
good to see you and yeah good see the
movie and I love that they made it this
is not actually available on VHS is it
it will be it will be yes but it is
right now it's on VOD if you are one of
the eleven people in the United States
who have a VCR get it you get it it's
only like eight hundred dollars also
dark waters is now on blu-ray and VOD as
well go see the movies called VH yes Tim
Robbins everybody Jack
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on